fix(select): support floating labels with slotted content (#31326)
driftyco/ionic: BREAKING.md

**Floating Label Behavior**

Floating labels no longer automatically float when the select contains slotted content. Labels float only when the select is focused or has a value. Additionally, when using a floating label, the placeholder is only visible when the select is focused.

**Internal DOM Structure Changes**

The internal DOM structure has been reorganized to support floating labels with slotted content. This changes the structure and location of several exposed shadow parts.

Added:
- `.select-start` — `part="start"`
- `.select-control` — `part="control"`
- `.select-end` — `part="end"`

Removed:
- `.select-wrapper-inner` — `part="inner"`

Restructured:
- `.label-text-wrapper` remains `part="label"` but moved from `.select-wrapper` into `.select-control`
- `.native-wrapper` remains `part="container"` but moved from `.select-wrapper-inner` into `.select-control`
- Start slot moved from `.select-wrapper-inner` into `.select-start` (`part="start"`)
- End slot moved from `.select-wrapper-inner` into `.select-end` (`part="end"`)
- `.select-icon` remains `part="icon"` but its location depends on the label state:

>     - With a start/end label, the icon is inside `.select-control`

Reviewer: Wouldn't it be more accurate to say it's inside of `.native-wrapper`?

```suggestion
    - With a start/end label, the icon is inside `.native-wrapper`
```

Reviewer: If you accept this, make sure to update the docs as well.

Author: https://github.com/ionic-team/ionic-docs/pull/4620/commits/736fd4817e03ba3a5e521fa545b3023511570214
